I have a third way
Let you all be my little brothers
What did you say
I mean you guys are from the casino, right?
I bought this casino
Hahahahahaha
Are you thinking shit in your poor ass?
This is the trump card for selling
A casino worth 300 million
What did you buy?
300 million, I don’t have that much money in my hand
I can think of a way
How to show women how to consume
I'll make a bet with him
You mean the money you want to win at this casino
Buy this casino
Right
Hahaha, then you have thought about it.
This person has been selling medicine for 10 years without any problems
If you lose, you can't get the money back
I will make your life worse than death
Okay, nonsense
Let's start quickly.
I have a third way
Let you all be my little brother
Pardon me?
I mean, you guys are casino people, right?
I bought this casino
Hahahahaha
Do you have shit in your head, you poor dick?
This is the trump card for sale
A $300 million casino
What do you get?
300 million, I do not have that much money in my hands
I can think of a way.
How can I show women how to spend?
Yes, I will take a gamble with him.
You mean the money you want to win at this casino?
Buy this casino
Yeah, I am.
Hahaha, have you thought about it?
This one has been on the drug for 10 years without failure
You do not have money if you lose
I will make your life worse than death
All right, crap.
Let's get started